chore: editorial review (#111)
KILTprotocol/docs: docs/develop/01_sdk/02_cookbook/02_web3names/02_credential_query.md

---
id: credential-query
title: Query Public Credentials for a web3name
---

import CodeBlock from '@theme/CodeBlock';
import QueryNameCredentials from '!!raw-loader!@site/code_examples/core_features/web3names/03_query_name_credentials.ts';

web3names are linked to KILT DIDs, and KILT DIDs can define service endpoints to expose additional service/information.

> One of the possible endpoints type is the [`KiltPublishedCredentialCollectionV1`][kilt-published-credential-collection-v1-type] type.

Reviewer: Btw. that [Foo][bar] syntax looks wrong. Did you want to link to the spec for the endpoint type?

```suggestion
One of the possible endpoint types is the [`KiltPublishedCredentialCollectionV1`][kilt-published-credential-collection-v1-type] type.
```
